Is it really useless?
With the practice of Wuji Shan, the limit has been reached
A small original order.
Just to restore my consumption
But a small original list of medicinal materials needs 400,000
Can't just waste it
Wuji White Jade Hand
Hands as white as jade
Hard as a rock
Swords are hard to hurt
You can even catch a bullet.
In addition to that
Wuji White Jade Hand
Can
Make the invincible world better
And fluoride refining
even
It's a bone massage.
The last time the key was specially made for the wall
They all made a hole for me
I only become these things in this house
I'm afraid I can't find anything
It seems that you should pay attention these days
Otherwise, I don't know what's going on